Tsdk-219 Updated Error Test Cases Related to prove (#25)
Topl/sdk-spec: docs/Modules/Wallet/Credentialler/Prove.md

![diagram](./images/prove/knownIdentifierUnknown.png)

* **Given** `unprovenTx` is an IoTransaction with a single input that refers to a `knownIdentifier` that is unknown to the wallet
* **And** `lock.challenges` in the Attestation contains a Locked, Tick, Height, DigitalSignature, and Digest proposition
* **When**
    ```
    prove(unprovenTx: IoTransaction)
    ```
* **Then**

>   The proven transaction containing proofs for Locked, Tick, and Height propositions and None for DigitalSignature and Digest propositions is returned

Reviewer: Use active voice?
```suggestion
  Return the proven transaction containing proofs for Locked, Tick, and Height propositions and None for DigitalSignature and Digest propositions
```
